Documentation Update - add permissions section to readme (#511)
actions/github-script: README.md

These retries are implemented using the [octokit/plugin-retry.js](https://github.com/octokit/plugin-retry.js) plugin. The retries use [exponential backoff](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Exponential_backoff) to space out retries. ([source](https://github.com/octokit/plugin-retry.js/blob/9a2443746c350b3beedec35cf26e197ea318a261/src/error-request.ts#L13))

> ## Recommended Permissions
> 
> The permissions required for the `GITHUB_TOKEN` in your workflow vary depending on how you use `github-script`. To ensure secure and efficient use of this action, we recommend reviewing and setting the least privileges necessary for your use case.
> 
> ### Determine the Required Permissions
> 
> 1. **`GITHUB_TOKEN` Authentication**  
>    GitHub automatically provides a `GITHUB_TOKEN` for workflows. You can customize the permissions granted to this token. Refer to the documentation for details:  
>    [Permissions for the `GITHUB_TOKEN`](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-for-github-actions/security-guides/automatic-token-authentication#permissions-for-the-github_token)
> 
> 2. **API Calls with Installation Access Tokens**  
>    If you're using `github-script` to make API calls requiring installation access tokens, ensure the permissions are configured appropriately for those endpoints. Learn more here:  
>    [Permissions for installation access tokens](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/authentication/endpoints-available-for-github-app-installation-access-tokens)

Reviewer: I think we can simplify this a bit
```suggestion
## Recommended permissions

The permissions required for the `GITHUB_TOKEN` in your workflow vary depending on how you use `actions/github-script`. We recommend reviewing and setting the least privileges necessary for your use case.

See [Permissions for the `GITHUB_TOKEN`](https://docs.github.com/actions/security-for-github-actions/security-guides/automatic-token-authentication#permissions-for-the-github_token) for details on the available permissions and [Permissions for installation access tokens](https://docs.github.com/en/rest/authentication/endpoints-available-for-github-app-installation-access-tokens) for information on what permissions each API requires.
```

### General Best Practices

- Use the principle of least privilege: Only grant the specific permissions needed for your workflow.
- Regularly audit and review your workflows to ensure permissions remain appropriate for your use cases.

> - Test your workflows with the intended permissions to verify they work as expected without over-permissioning.

Reviewer: I'd remove this section personally - this would be betters suited in our GitHub documentation for Actions best practices rather than in this action's README.
